newie
Newie for C# is the fastest dependency injection framework ever. Based in Newie for PHP and for Ruby and Python, which are based in vapor.js, newie allows you to inject your dependencies in a way that no other controller allows you.

First example

You can instantiate any dependency you need, ever:

        new Object();

Complex example

For example, imagine two different models:

namespace newie
  {
        class Foo 
		{
             private bar;

             public Foo(Bar bar) 
				{
					this.bar = bar;
				}
        }

        class Bar 
		{
        }
 }
Using newie for C#:

        new Foo(new Bar());
The fastest ever!

Upcoming
The Roadmap is a long way to go but we are waiting for contributions to this github as a port of newie for other languages.

Contributing to newie

Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn’t been implemented or the bug hasn’t been fixed yet
Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn’t requested it and/or contributed it
Fork the project
Start a feature/bugfix branch
Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don’t break it in a future version unintentionally.
Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.
Copyright


Copyright © 2010 Bruno Alvares da Costa

Copyright © 2010 Lucas Souza

Copyright © 2010 Pedro Matiello

Copyright © 2010 Guilherme Silveira

See COPYING for further details